Treehouse

https://www.udemy.com/ has online courses for cheap.  The Web Developer Bootcamp
The only course you need to learn web development - HTML, CSS, JS, Node, and More 9.99

NodeJS newest language tech is what the camp teaches. Corey says feedback is that it's a bit out of date.
Recommended: The Modern JS BC 2019

Python and Ruby relevant languages still.

Document with https://github.com/ and make commits to show activity and consistency.

1. Continue learning python

2. Learn Git, Use github as I go somehow. < have to learn more and master.

3. Intro to CS and programming using Python < August 28th, 2019

4. Learn HyperText Markup Language5(What to display on screen), Cascading Style Sheets(How the html looks), JavaScript (Actions and operations), NodeJS (Most popular and recent program used by developers)

5. Udemy.com Colt Steele's Web Developer Bootcamp

6. Udemy.com Rob Percival Web Developer 2.0 Course

7. Edx HTML5 and CSS Fundamentals

8. Javascript

9. React

10. Angular

11. Build sites. Aim for Webdev skillsets for Front End Developer to start

Portfolio Ideas showcasing specific tools used:
Personal Website? Self, Places traveled, Blogging
App?

Vacation builder site

Questions
- How long did it take you or someone you know to do a complete career change to developer in their late 20's/early 30's?
Quickest?
- When's the best time to deem a language, discipline or work "resume ready?" E.G. When is that perfect time to be comfortable in adding HTML5, CSS3 and JS to your resume. Maybe it's after you get familiar, mastered, or received a certification/degree for it?
- What was your path to get to your current role in your career? Was it any different from what you initially planned?

09/05/19
Revisit For and While Loops on JS.. Very Confusing in terms of writing, execution and understanding.

09/08/19
DOM and DOM manipulation
Document Object Model

09/09/19
Created Score Keeper in browser but couldn't debug.

09/10/19
-Guess color browser application finished and working. Last section of JS

-Intro to Jquery
-Worth knowing how to do things with and without Jquery. JS basics helps benefits students learning JS/Jquery as some jobs do not use Jquery.

09/26/19
- Looked towards finding ways to not be as distracted with this work and learning. Started streaming with title: (Beginner Web Development & Coding through Sublime Text from scratch. Going through Colt Steele's Udemy Bootcamp. HTML5, CSS, JS and beyond.) On twitch.
 - Reasons for streaming:
	Give self structure, schedule.  
	Need to create schedule, post and follow it.
	Build upon twitch profile
	Find self character through stream
	Receive feedback and ideas from viewers if any?????

- Speak with Corey so he could introduce me to what his DevOPs work looks like. Maybe give some input on the info I may or may not detain as a beginner learner of the field.

- look into SCSS after comfortable with CSS (H3)

- For developers, theres usually two paths: Specialists and Management (Michael C) > check job postings in area to see which to branch out to (react or angular. etc)


09/27/19


Mock Stream/Study Schedule Ideas
(PM) Times Vary, but 10 hours is goal per Learning Sessions.

Sunday: 10PM-8AM Program
Monday: 10PM-8AM Program
Tuesday: 10PM-8AM Program
Wednesday: None or Gaming/Program
Thursday: 10PM-8AM Program
Friday: None or Gaming
Saturday: None or Gaming


09/28/19
- Don't use cloud9. Ever.

- Continue installing MongoDB view bookmarked NodeJS, MongoDB, then nodejs+mongodb videos in order.

- Make sure nodejs/sublime/mongo all work properly

- Continue/finish colt steele's udemy course









